hello today we make fish pie
puff pastry
pie plus plus will be brisket
here it is
cooked smoked or bacon is
fish brisket combination 150 grams this
Breasts I use to put on the pan
even sending 2
chopped onion strength
any kind of fish do you like this
take away
Well, about grams 450 tons 10 used
less medium-sized pieces
our brisket roasts with a bunch
gradually over moderate heat
Here is such a fried such state
enough
I insert the assault pan let
cools down
easy dough
yeast-free puff thawed yarn for 2
not equal piece
one that is much more than about two
thirds will be the base of the cake
roll out and stack on a baking sheet
lined with smaller baking paper
about one third of the test will be
top of the cake
that is, everything is simple
put the dough on a baking sheet
rolled out
left the second upper part
side laid fish add grass
dry dill nothing little rosemary and
basil
well can you please change your
discretion which herbs like such
can give away nothing more important
decision
spread in roast best us easy
salt
a little hot red pepper again
however, at your discretion you may not
add no matter black
ground
large pieces of pepper grains
I cover everything for a minute with the second layer
After all, he turned to the right is not long
problems take scissors we cut off
wind up at the base of the pies up
pressing lightly pressing the note runs to
just wrapping around just pressing there
braid pigtails and then I will not write
at your discretion can do
in a different way we add a little water
yolk
grease the surface of the cake then sesame
optional and desirable where
pierce the surface of the horns
that you are not particularly well all booze oven
equal dorado will open the oven and
brutally at which categories there
he stayed our cake a 30 minutes
the temperature in the oven was 220 degrees
it turned out such an interesting thing
the thing turned out delicious
Yes
repeat it easily
bon appetit good luck see you